release: v1.49.0 (#5418)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bryn_optimize_graphq_instruments.md

> ### Optimize graphql instruments ([PR #5375](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5375))
> 
> When processing selectors for graphql instruments we need to make sure we perform no heap allocation otherwise performance is affected.
> 
> This PR removes Vec allocations that were being performed on every field yielding a significant improvement in performance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Optimize GraphQL instruments ([PR #5375](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5375))

When processing selectors for GraphQL instruments, heap allocations should be avoided for optimal performance. This change removes Vec allocations that were previously performed per field, yielding significant performance improvements.
```
